Add Adm Controller 1.33 release blogpost (#406)
kubewarden/kubewarden.io: content/blog/2026/03/kubewarden-1.33-release.md

We have enhanced our Policy SDKs to expose this new field mask feature. Policy
SDK authors can also find this new `field_masks` input field in the Kubernetes
[host-calls](https://docs.kubewarden.io/next/reference/spec/host-capabilities/kubernetes#operation---list_resources_all).

In addition, we have enhanced our
[cel-policy](https://artifacthub.io/packages/kubewarden/kubewarden-policy-library/cel-policy),
and exposed this feature as a native CEL function, `<Client>.fieldMask(<string>)`.
You can read more in the [go CEL docs](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/kubewarden/policies/internal/cel/library#Kubernetes)
of the policy.

As an example, the following CEL code returns the `nginx` Pod and with only its
`metadata.labels` field:

```cel
	kw.k8s.apiVersion('v1').kind('Pod').namespace('default').fieldMask('metadata.labels').get('nginx')
```

This new `.fieldMask()` function can be called multiple times to add several
field paths to the mask. For example, this returns a list of Pod resources with
only their `metadata.name` and `medata.namespace` fields:

```cel
kw.k8s.apiVersion('v1').kind('Pod').fieldMask('metadata.name').fieldMask('metadata.namespace').list()
```

> ## Configuring clusterwide policies to run in the kubewarden namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring cluster-wide policies to run in the kubewarden namespace
```

for example if aiding with resource allocation or
preventing core namespaces from being modified.

For those really unusual cases, cluster operators can now deploy Kubewarden
clusterwide policies to also apply to the Admission Controller namespace by
setting their `spec.allowInsideKubewardenNamespace`to `true`.

Namespaced policies don't have this posibility, of course.

We expect cluster operators to seldomly make use of this feature, and we
recommend caution when doing so.

## Proxy configuration

Both `kwctl` and `policy-server` support now proxy configuration via either the
usual environment variables `HTTPS_PROXY`, `HTTP_PROXY`, `NO_PROXY`  (and their
lowercase counterparts), or via the `sources.yaml` file.

This proxy configuration routes policy pulling and pushing, as well as those
context-aware capabilities that make use of network, such as obtaining an OCI
image digest or Sigstore operations. Read more about it in our
[how-to](https://docs.kubewarden.io/howtos/proxy-configuration) docs.

## Versioning of the policy-server cert Secret

Starting with this release, the Secret that contains the PolicyServer

> certificate is now versioned via an annotation, to facilitate maintenance and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate is now versioned via an annotation, to ease maintenance and
```
